So let's look at how do we improve
images even further, because even though
we're not pulling all of our images down
right away, they're still kind of big.
They're bigger than I would expect
them to be for what we're doing.
For example, if we take a look at our
images, these call out images that we need
to download, even though we're downloading
them lazily a 1.2 megabytes for
this one, and 250 kilobytes for
that one, which is pretty big.
They're pretty big for
what we get out of them,
which is this little image right here.
Even though it's a great image,
it's probably not a 1.2 great,
1.2 megabyte worth of great image.
So how do we reduce this?
Let's say I have a picture and the source
I have of the picture is 1200 pixels wide.
I name it picture-1200.jpg,
just to kind of indicate picture quality.
Well, how I display that picture
is gonna be different based
on which browser and
which device my end user views it on.
For example,
on a large screen on the desktop,
they might see that image in
the full 1200 pixels wide.
And I'm showing them the right thing.
But if they're on a tablet, the responsive
nature of the website is gonna squish that
down, and I might only have 900 pixels.
On a mobile I have even less and
I can only show 600 pixels.
So how do I improve and
send fewer bytes down
the wire by showing a smaller
version of the image for
this particular screen size?
Well, there's some annotations that
we can use for that called srcset.
Now, in the old days, an image had
a source, it's like here's the file,
load this image.
But now we can say multiple sources and
some rules about when to use them.
So for example in addition to the 1200
pixel version, I have this picture.
I have a 900 and a 600, which I can
describe using this annotation.
I can say here's a 600.
Here's a picture, it's 600 wide.
Here's a 900, it's 900 wide.
Here's another one, it's 1200 wide.
And then we can tell the browser when to
use these by using a sizes annotation.
That says just like
a CSS conditional rule,
up to the max width of 600 pixels,
use the 600 pixel image.
If it's up to 900, use the 900,
if it's anything else, use the 1200.
And so doing that, we can optimize which
images get delivered down to which users.
When the browser goes to interpret it,
it's gonna look at the sizes attribute
first, it's gonna say, hey, what are my
rules, which one do I need to get?
And then it's gonna look at srcset and
it's only going to get
the image that it needs.
So if the screen is only 500 pixels wide,
it's only gonna pull
down that picture 600.
It's not going to bother
downloading the other ones.
If there's not a srcset or the srcsets
don't match, eventually it'll go back and
look at the source, but
only as a last resort.
The other way that we can improve images
is simply by crunching the images.
There's a bunch of algorithms that
we can use to actually just rip out
unnecessary quality attributes and
metadata inside of most images.
Here is an example from a service that
I've used a bunch called tiny png.
It's a cool picture of a panda.
On the left it's 57K, on the right
it's 15K and they're exactly the same.
You can get a lot of mileage out
of just crunching your images.
So let's do that, let's do that together.
So I've built a little utility for
us to use.
If we take a look inside
of the tools folder,
I have a little js file
called image optimizer.
Now, we don't need to go
through this line by line.
But this is a build tool that you can use
called imagemin, and imagemin just apply
some of these really common image
optimization things that's got plugins for
JPEGs, and PNGs, and SVGs,
and GIF images, and whatever.
I've built this image optimizer to
basically go through all of the images
that we have in this website and
create a .min version with
these common optimizations.
We can run that right from the terminal.
So let's stop our website.
Now we can enter the command
npm run imagemin.
Because I've defined this as
a command in my package,json.
If we run that, it blows up.
It blows up because I'm using
the wrong version of node, sorry.
Okay, hopefully it ran successfully for
everybody.
It takes, a few seconds to run because
there's actually some real work behind it.
What it did is if we look in
the public assets images folder,
there's now a .min version
of all of the files.
It's created a crunched version of them.
Now we can see what exactly that means.
So for example,
request_metrics_logo_rss.png, is 4.6K.
And the minified version is 3.14K.
So we got a little benefit off of that.
If we go and look like one of our really
big images, like these call outs,
the unmodified call out
break down 24 is 248K.
Whereas the minified version is only 223.
So we're carving out 25 to
40% off of these images.
We've generated all of
these images right in line.
So we're gonna use some IDE incantations
to go ahead and replace it.
I am going to do a find for
anytime there is a .png in this file.
And I'm going to replace that
with a .min.png in line.
I'm gonna run those.
I'm gonna do the same thing for svg.
And that's all I have to do.
I don't have any JPEGs or
any GIFs in this website.
But if you did,
you could do the same thing.
Essentially on all of these lines,
I have just replaced the path to
reference the minified version.
Now, the other thing we needed to
do was use some responsiveness
to load the correct size image for
these call outs.
Like this right here.
Here's one of our call outs, referencing
a 2400 wide call out distribution.
We want to change this and
reference a src set.
So we're going to call this data.srcset,
because we still want
it to be lazily loaded.
And we're gonna define a couple
of alternate image sizes.
So rather than 2400, so
we'll have a 2400 wide,
but we're also gonna have some other ones.
We're gonna have a 1200 wide.
And we'll have a 900 wide.
And we'll have a 600 wide.
Which covers a wide range
of possible values that
our customers could load our website in.
Now, how do we pick the right one?
How do we tell the browser
to pick the right one?
Well, that's the sizes attribute
as we talked about before,
you might actually go to the slides and
just copy paste that.
I can't copy paste it.
Max with 600 and 600.
Do a 9 and a 12 and
all else fills a 2400 pixel.
And a 9 and a 12 and 2400 pixel.
So we define a couple of rules, so
up to the max width of 600 pixels,
use a 600 pixel wide image.
900, 900, 1200, 1200, if you don't know,
go ahead and use the big one.
So with this annotation,
this image is now responsive and
should load the correct size document.
Now three call outs.
Let's go ahead and
replicate this for the other two,
which we're just gonna do
with some copy paste magic.
So I'm gonna copy all of these
images down to this next image,
and I'm just gonna paste it.
The only part that's different
about my images is they're called
callout- something-the size.
So I'm just gonna change
distribution to break down.
And we'll change this one here,
To Web Vital.
Okay, so with that saved,
we're now running smaller images and
responsive images.
So let's pop back over to our
Chrome window and reload this.
I'm not running.
As part of that, I had to stop the server.
So we have to go back to our terminal and
do NPM start to get our
server running again.
All right, so now we have this running.
And if we go and
take a look at our dev tools, If we scroll
down our page until some of our
things load right now it's loading
the 2400 wide image because
we're running on a big screen.
Now if I shrink the size of this
to a smaller screen and reload it,
I'm now pulling down the 900
wide version of this image.
It's going to respond to
what screen is running and
how big it is to download
the right version that you need.
So I'm gonna put this back to where
it was, which is about 12 or 1150.
And let's run another lighthouse report
and see if we got any improvement.
This improvement might be more
noticeable for mobile users.
So I don't know if necessarily we're even
gonna see an improvement right here.
Now when we see about the same.
But if we were to run this thing
using the mobile lighthouse report,
I would imagine we would see quite a big
improvement from changing those images.